Implement python unit test cases (#267)
pez-globo/pufferfish-vent-software: backend/tests/unit/simulation/alarm_limits.txt

> Scenario: Alarm Limit services behave properly

Reviewer: Let's have different scenarios for the PCAC class vs. the HFNC class vs. the `Serivces` class.

Author: I have updated them here https://github.com/pez-globo/pufferfish-software/blob/feature/backend-test-protocols2/backend/tests/unit/simulation/alarm_limits.txt. 
please review

Reviewer: Looks good, we will change the wording of scenarios as discussed.

Given: A PCAC Alarm Limit service

> When: parameter service is not equal to pc_ac or HFNC

Reviewer: I don't think the `PCAC` alarm limits service class checks any service parameter, rather the `Services` class does those checks. If you're actually testing the `Services` class and not the `PCAC` alarm limits service class, you'll need to modify your Given to be consistent with that. This comment also applies to other tests in this file and in the `alarms.txt` and `parameters.txt` and `simulators.txt` files.

Author: Yes. I'm testing the Services class , but from the active_service parameter which is obtained from parameters class, mode value in all_states parameter, i passed in PCAC, therefore the transform method for PCAC service was called, 
so i have structured the tests in that manner, 
so Should I then only do checks on parameters for the "Services" class tests or current structure is fine?

Author: i have updated the given-when-then according to previous suggestions here https://github.com/pez-globo/pufferfish-software/blob/feature/backend-test-protocols2/backend/tests/unit/simulation/alarm_limits.txt
will update similarly for alarms.txt, parameters.txt and simulators.txt after review.

Reviewer: Looks good.

Then: Alarm Limits are not updated as per Alarm Limit requests

Scenario: Alarm Limit services behave properly
Given: A PCAC Alarm Limit service
When: parameter service is equal to pc_ac
Then: Alarm Limits are updated as per Alarm Limit requests

Scenario: Alarm Limit services behave properly
Given: A PCAC Alarm Limit service
When: Requested alarm limit lower value is lesser than defined lower value
Then: Alarm Limits are not updated as per Alarm Limit requests

Scenario: Alarm Limit services behave properly
Given: A PCAC Alarm Limit service

> When: Requested alarm limit upper value is greater than defined upper value

Reviewer: Instead of "the defined upper value", I think it would be clearer to say "the maximum allowed upper value for the alarm limit". This comment also applies to other tests in this file.
```suggestion
When: The requested upper value for the SpO2 alarm limits range is greater than the maximum allowed upper value for the range.
```

Author: updated as suggested.
